Mention that blocks storage is ready for production use in guides (#3475)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/guides/running-chunks-storage-in-production.md

Alternatively you can choose Apache Cassandra, which you will have to install and manage.
Cassandra support can also be used with commecial Cassandra-compatible services such as Azure Cosmos DB.

> Cortex has an alternative to chunk storage: [block storage](../blocks-storage/_index.md). Block storage is ready for production use and does not require a separate index store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cortex has an alternative to chunks storage: [blocks storage](../blocks-storage/_index.md). Blocks storage is ready for production use and does not require a separate index store.
```

Author: Thanks for fixing it :)
